{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red231\green235\blue240;\red140\green37\blue25;
\red234\green234\blue234;\red2\green35\blue73;\red140\green37\blue25;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We at the South Carolina Center for Fathers and Families believe that children thrive when an engaged, responsible father is active in their lives. Yet, in South Carolina many children live in a father-absent home and the consequences are dire for these children. To address this growing problem, The Center supports six fatherhood programs in 12 communities across the state while promoting father-friendly policies and practices and helping to erase society's negative stereotypes of unwed, low-income dads. Few programs have the expertise to deliver father-centered programs to enable men to develop the knowledge, confidence and skills to become responsible fathers and co-parents. The SC Center for Fathers and Families and the local fatherhood programs have this extensive experience.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb1 The South Carolina Center for Fathers and Families is also a member of a larger South Carolina family of ministries sponsored by the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine based in Richfield, Ohio.\
\
The Center and our local fatherhood programs are among the Southeast's most experienced and effective organizations creating an environment to foster stronger, more stable and successful families by supporting engaged, responsible fathers. Working together the Center and six well-established, local fatherhood programs ensure father-centered, community-based quality services delivered in a respectful, non judgmental environment. In addition, the Center helps secure on-going financial support, statewide partnerships and serves as a resource for practitioners and a voice for fathers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Our mission is to provide the means for fathers to be great dads.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb5 \strokec2 \'a0\cb1 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 The Center is a member of a family of ministries\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 The South Carolina Center for Fathers and Families is a member of a larger South Carolina family of ministries sponsored by the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine based in Richfield, Ohio. The parent organization, Sisters of Charity Health System, is based in Cleveland, Ohio and operates hospitals, foundations and outreach ministries in Cleveland and Canton, Ohio. Providence Hospitals, founded in 1938, is the oldest South Carolina-based ministry providing healthcare services in the Midlands. The Sisters of Charity Foundation, founded in 1996, serves the entire state addressing the root causes of poverty statewide through grant making, advocacy, and capacity building. The Foundation launched a statewide initiative in 1997 "Reducing Poverty through Father Re-Engagement" and later established the SC Center for Fathers and Families to sustain the Initiative. Another outreach ministry of the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine is Healthy Learners. Through the statewide network of school nurses, Healthy Learners, founded in1992, connects uninsured school-aged children with healthcare providers in the Midlands, Allendale, Greenwood and Dillon.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.srsofcharity.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 www.srsofcharity.org}}
\fs32 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Sisters of Charity Health System\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sistersofcharityhealth.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 www.sistersofcharityhealth.org}}
\fs32 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Sisters of Charity Foundation of South Carolina\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sistersofcharitysc.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 www.sistersofcharitysc.com}}
\fs32 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Providence Hospitals\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.providencehospitals.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 www.providencehospitals.com}}
\fs32 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Healthy Learners\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.healthylearners.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 www.healthylearners.com}}
\fs32 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs64 \cf7 \outl0\strokewidth0 Programs
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Being a father is not easy; however, it is the single most important job in the lives of men who have children. The challenges of being a responsible father sometimes seem too difficult and there's no place to turn for help. If you, or someone you know, needs help to better provide for your children and yourself, a fatherhood program can help.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs64 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \strokec2 Fatherhood programs are thoughtfully created to deliver services that work from the inside out, helping fathers prepare to meet the material, emotional and spiritual needs of their children. They no longer have to go it alone because our fatherhood programs can help.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 The Center for Fathers and Families works with six local fatherhood programs in 11 locations\'a0to deliver quality, father-friendly services throughout South Carolina.\'a0 See below for a complete listing and contact information for each of these programs.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 A Father's Place\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 serving Horry, Georgetown, Marion, Williamsburg, and Berkeley Counties.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.afathersplace.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 www.afathersplace.org}}\
Executive Director: Wallace Evans Jr.\uc0\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:wevans@sccoast.net"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 wevans@sccoast.net}}\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Conway Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 P. O. Box 1291\u8232 809 Wright Boulevard\u8232 Conway, SC 29528\u8232 Phone: 843.488.2923\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Myrtle Beach Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Historic Myrtle Beach Colored School\u8232 Museum and Education Center\u8232 900 Dunbar Street\u8232 Myrtle Beach, SC 29577\u8232 Phone: 843.918.4904\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Georgetown Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 107 Screven Street\u8232 Georgetown, SC 29440\u8232 Phone: 803.436.0209\u8232 Site Director: Lisa Farmer\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Father to Father, Inc.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 serving Charleston and Dorchester Counties.\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fathertofatherproject.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 www.fathertofatherproject.org}}
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
Executive Director: William (Bill) Jenkins\uc0\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:wjenkins@fathertofather.comcastbiznet"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 wjenkins@fathertofather.comcastbiznet}}\
4731 Mixson Avenue\uc0\u8232 North Charleston, SC 29405-5111\u8232 Phone: 843.744.2126\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Lancaster Father Project\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 serving Lancaster, Chester, York, and West Chesterfield Counties.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lanfatherhood.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 www.Lanfatherhood.org}}
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
Executive Director: Tyrom Faulkner\uc0\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:lanfatherhud@comporium.net"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 lanfatherhud@comporium.net}}\
117 South Wylie Street\uc0\u8232 Lancaster, SC 29720\u8232 Phone: 803.283.3444\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Man 2 Man\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 serving Marlboro, Dillon, Darlington, Florence, and East Chesterfield Counties. \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.man2manfathers.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 www.man2manfathers.com}}\
Executive Director: Derrick Dease\uc0\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:man2manfathers@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 man2manfathers@yahoo.com}}\
110 South Parsonage Street\uc0\u8232 Bennettsville, SC 29512\u8232 Phone: 843.479.6229\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Midlands Fatherhood Coalition\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 serving Fairfield Lexington, Richland, Newberry, Saluda, Aiken, Orangeburg, Kershaw, and Calhoun Counties. \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.midlandsfathers.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 www.midlandsfathers.com}}\
Executive Director: Angela McDuffie\uc0\u8232 Assistant Executive Director: Charles Brown\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:angela@cfeisc.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 angela@cfeisc.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \

\b Aiken Location
\b0 \
1474B Columbia Highway North\uc0\u8232 Aiken, SC 291801\u8232 Phone: 803.508.7821\
\'a0\

\b Fairfield Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 201 Moultrie Street\u8232 Winnsboro, SC 29180\u8232 Phone: 803.815.0447\

\b \uc0\u8232 Lexington Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 106 Fabrister Lane, Suite J\u8232 Lexington, SC 29072\u8232 Phone: 803.996.2114\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Richland Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 1821 Hampton Street\u8232 Columbia, SC 29201\u8232 Phone: 803.933.0052\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Upstate Fatherhood Coalition\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 serving Greenville, Spartanburg, Pickens, Oconee, Anderson, Laurens, Union, and Cherokee Counties. \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.upstatefathers.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 www.upstatefathers.org}}\
Executive Director: Kelly Walker\uc0\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:kellywalker252003@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6  kellywalker252003@yahoo.com}}\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Greenville Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Site Director: Tommy Rice\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:tommylrice@earthlink.net"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 tommylrice@earthlink.net}}\
730 South Pleasantburg Drive\uc0\u8232 Suite 205\u8232 Greenville, South Carolina 29607\u8232 Phone: 864.241.4464\
\uc0\u8232 
\b Spartanburg Location
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Site Director: Andre McCullough\u8232 E-mail:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:andremccullough04@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 andremccullough04@yahoo.com}}\
300 Union Street, Suite E\uc0\u8232 Spartanburg, SC 29302\u8232 Phone: 864.598.5249\
}